Update change log (#6721)
raiden-network/raiden: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

* :feature:`6563` Faster syncing with the blockchain.
* :feature:`-` Update WebUI to version 1.1.1 https://github.com/raiden-network/webui/releases/tag/v1.1.1. Introduces a new "Quick Connect" that is simpler and more transparent.
* :feature:`4730` Remove "join token network" feature from API. Explicitly create and fund channels, instead.
* :feature:`6582` Add ``/settings`` endpoint with information about the used pathfinding service.
* :feature:`6657` Support for recent geth versions.
* :feature:`6541` Remove internal routing.

* :release:`1.2.0 <2020-11-06>`
* :feature:`6646` add [Matrix toDevice](https://matrix.org/docs/spec/client_server/r0.6.0#id70) message support in transport layer
* :feature:`6608` Compatibility with synapse 1.19 and [MSC2432](https://github.com/matrix-org/matrix-doc/pull/2432)

> * :feature:`6482` Add support for capabilities. The Raiden client can show its capababilities to other clients via its matrix profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :feature:`6482` Add support for client capabilities. Raiden clients can now negotiate supported features via their matrix profile.
```
